Add localnet command (#16)
matter-labs/zksync-cli: README.md

> Both deposit and withdraw might take a couple of minutes to complete.

- `zksync-cli localnet`: Manages a local zkSync 2.0 and Ethereum L1 testnet. It supports a set of sub-subcommands:
  - `zksync-cli localnet up`: Bootstrap L1 and L2 localnets.
  - `zksync-cli localnet down`: clear L1 and L2 localnets.
  - `zksync-cli localnet start`: start L1 and L2 localnets.
  - `zksync-cli localnet stop`: stop L1 and L2 localnets.
  - `zksync-cli localnet logs`: Display logs.
  - `zksync-cli localnet help`: Display this message and quit.

>   - `zksync-cli localnet wallets`: Display seeded wallet keys.

Reviewer: ❤

> Both deposit and withdraw might take a couple of minutes to complete.

> - `zksync-cli localnet`: Manages a local zkSync 2.0 and Ethereum L1 testnet (it requires docker running on your system). It supports a set of sub-subcommands:

Reviewer 2: For consistency, please refer to the network as `zkSync Era`:
```suggestion
- `zksync-cli localnet`: Manages a local zkSync Era and Ethereum L1 testnet (it requires docker running on your system). It supports a set of sub-subcommands:
```
